# MNIST Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)

This repository contains an implementation of a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) trained on the MNIST dataset. The goal of this project is to generate realistic handwritten digit images using a GAN architecture.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction to GANs](#introduction-to-gans)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Results](#results)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction to GANs

Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) are a class of machine learning models used for unsupervised learning tasks, particularly for generating data that is similar to some training data. GANs consist of two neural networks: a **Generator** and a **Discriminator**.

- The **Generator** takes random noise as input and generates data (e.g., images).
- The **Discriminator** takes real data from the training set and data generated by the Generator, aiming to distinguish between the two.

During training, the Generator and the Discriminator play a game. The Generator tries to produce data that is indistinguishable from real data, while the Discriminator tries to get better at telling real data apart from generated data. Over time, this competition leads to the Generator producing increasingly realistic data.

## Setup

To set up and run the MNIST GAN, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/mnist-gan.git
cd mnist-gan
```

```

## Results

After training the GAN, you will find the generated images in the `generated_images` directory. The quality of the generated images will improve as the training progresses. Feel free to experiment with the hyperparameters in the code to achieve better results.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or want to enhance the functionality of this project, please submit a pull request. If you have suggestions or ideas, feel free to open an issue.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Feel free to customize this README to match your repository's structure and any additional information you'd like to provide. Good luck with your MNIST GAN project!
